Solution 1: The problem never really specified what kind of partition they wanted, so I picked an easy one
to figure out. Each edge can only be part of 3 groups. Either it is part of no cycle, part of 1 cycle, or 
part of 2 cycles (on either side of the edge). Kind of cool thing but not really related to the problem
as it has nothing to do with RC relation.

Solution 2: This one takes advantage of the RC relation. :). Basically my idea is that given a simple cycle
of lets say n edges, aka an n-sided polygon, if we were to label all the edges lets say a_1 through a_n, 
and convert the edges to vertices in a new graph, we would end up with a complete graph because all edges 
in a simple cycle are pairwise RC with each other. This is really cool because for any n-sided simple cycle
that corresponds to an n-wise complete subgraph in our newly mapped graph. Thus, each edge falls into a certain
category with label n. That is another way to partition.

NOTE: both of the above algorithms use BFS/DFS to figure out what the simple cycle is, and then loops through
every edge (getting details on where the cycles containing the edges are, if there are any), and adds them to 
a map data structure that maps the category (in the case of solution 2, the degree of the complete graph).


Solution 3: A partition of a set is defined by an equivalence relation on a set. Every partition defines an 
equivalence relation as well. We will look at the former constraint in order to prove that a partition
exists in the graph. We must prove 3 ideals for it to be an equivalence relation:

1) Reflexivity a~a.
	- This is true. For every edge, it RC with itself.
2) Symmetry a~b if and only if b~a
	- If b RC a then a RC b because they are part of the same simple cycle.
	- If b does not RC a, then b and a are part of different simple cycles so a does not RC b as well.
3) Transitivity: if a~b and b~c then a~c
	- This is true because if a RC b, then a and b are in the same cycle. If b RC c then b and c
	are in the same cycle. Thus, a, b, and c are all in the same cycle. Thus, a RC c.

Since we have proven all requirements for there to be an equivalence relation in the set of edges,
we have proved that a partition is possible for the set.
